remove oee files and references (#2525)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/dtm/asset-types-bundle/asset-models.md

This root asset model can then be used to create an asset hierarchy, which then defines all the assets, subassets, asset properties and devices in the DTM application.

> As a result you can use the asset hierarchy in other {{< product-c8y-iot >}} applications, such as the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Machine Portal.

Author: @pavanshivajirao @rahultsag Please check the phrasing here and below in the next file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result you can use the asset hierarchy in other {{< product-c8y-iot >}} applications, such as the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Cockpit.
```
